Running problem size 25^3 per domain until completion
Num processors: 8
Total number of elements: 125000

To run other sizes, use -s <integer>.
To run a fixed number of iterations, use -i <integer>.
To run a more or less balanced region set, use -b <integer>.
To change the relative costs of regions, use -c <integer>.
To print out progress, use -p
To write an output file for VisIt, use -v
See help (-h) for more options

hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 1, time = 1.080866e-06, dt=1.080866e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 2, time = 2.377904e-06, dt=1.297039e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 3, time = 2.822480e-06, dt=4.445754e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 4, time = 3.193735e-06, dt=3.712550e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 5, time = 3.524694e-06, dt=3.309595e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 6, time = 3.832005e-06, dt=3.073109e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 7, time = 4.124179e-06, dt=2.921735e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 8, time = 4.406386e-06, dt=2.822079e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 9, time = 4.682131e-06, dt=2.757442e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 10, time = 4.953986e-06, dt=2.718557e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 11, time = 5.280213e-06, dt=3.262268e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 12, time = 5.648540e-06, dt=3.683269e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 13, time = 5.996727e-06, dt=3.481873e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 14, time = 6.324858e-06, dt=3.281304e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 15, time = 6.632912e-06, dt=3.080540e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 16, time = 6.927008e-06, dt=2.940959e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 17, time = 7.212339e-06, dt=2.853312e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 18, time = 7.493366e-06, dt=2.810266e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 19, time = 7.774348e-06, dt=2.809824e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 20, time = 8.055330e-06, dt=2.809824e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 21, time = 8.336313e-06, dt=2.809824e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 22, time = 8.617295e-06, dt=2.809824e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 23, time = 8.898278e-06, dt=2.809824e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 24, time = 9.209282e-06, dt=3.110043e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 25, time = 9.520286e-06, dt=3.110043e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 26, time = 9.831291e-06, dt=3.110043e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 27, time = 1.018578e-05, dt=3.544907e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 28, time = 1.054027e-05, dt=3.544907e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 29, time = 1.096360e-05, dt=4.233275e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 30, time = 1.144398e-05, dt=4.803817e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 31, time = 1.190515e-05, dt=4.611658e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 32, time = 1.235074e-05, dt=4.455908e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 33, time = 1.278563e-05, dt=4.348902e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 34, time = 1.321358e-05, dt=4.279490e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 35, time = 1.363840e-05, dt=4.248190e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 36, time = 1.406321e-05, dt=4.248190e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 37, time = 1.448803e-05, dt=4.248190e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 38, time = 1.491285e-05, dt=4.248190e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 39, time = 1.533767e-05, dt=4.248190e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 40, time = 1.581371e-05, dt=4.760418e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 41, time = 1.628976e-05, dt=4.760418e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 42, time = 1.676580e-05, dt=4.760418e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 43, time = 1.724184e-05, dt=4.760418e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 44, time = 1.771788e-05, dt=4.760418e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 45, time = 1.819012e-05, dt=4.722347e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 46, time = 1.865231e-05, dt=4.621944e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 47, time = 1.910592e-05, dt=4.536127e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 48, time = 1.955250e-05, dt=4.465768e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 49, time = 1.999352e-05, dt=4.410232e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 50, time = 2.043061e-05, dt=4.370853e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 51, time = 2.086534e-05, dt=4.347274e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 52, time = 2.129970e-05, dt=4.343681e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 53, time = 2.173407e-05, dt=4.343681e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 54, time = 2.216844e-05, dt=4.343681e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 55, time = 2.260281e-05, dt=4.343681e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 56, time = 2.303718e-05, dt=4.343681e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 57, time = 2.347154e-05, dt=4.343681e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 58, time = 2.395266e-05, dt=4.811186e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 59, time = 2.443378e-05, dt=4.811186e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 60, time = 2.496630e-05, dt=5.325232e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 61, time = 2.549883e-05, dt=5.325232e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 62, time = 2.609333e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 63, time = 2.668782e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 64, time = 2.728232e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 65, time = 2.787682e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 66, time = 2.847132e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 67, time = 2.906582e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 68, time = 2.966032e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 69, time = 3.025481e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 70, time = 3.084931e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 71, time = 3.144381e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 72, time = 3.203831e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 73, time = 3.263281e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 74, time = 3.322730e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 75, time = 3.382180e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 76, time = 3.441630e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 77, time = 3.501080e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 78, time = 3.560530e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 79, time = 3.619980e-05, dt=5.944982e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 80, time = 3.679337e-05, dt=5.935779e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 81, time = 3.737518e-05, dt=5.818038e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 82, time = 3.794689e-05, dt=5.717102e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 83, time = 3.851034e-05, dt=5.634545e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 84, time = 3.906732e-05, dt=5.569822e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 85, time = 3.961961e-05, dt=5.522864e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 86, time = 4.016888e-05, dt=5.492729e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 87, time = 4.071675e-05, dt=5.478670e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 88, time = 4.126462e-05, dt=5.478670e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 89, time = 4.181248e-05, dt=5.478670e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 90, time = 4.236035e-05, dt=5.478670e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 91, time = 4.290822e-05, dt=5.478670e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 92, time = 4.345609e-05, dt=5.478670e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 93, time = 4.400395e-05, dt=5.478670e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 94, time = 4.455182e-05, dt=5.478670e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 95, time = 4.517174e-05, dt=6.199164e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 96, time = 4.579165e-05, dt=6.199164e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 97, time = 4.648389e-05, dt=6.922415e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 98, time = 4.717614e-05, dt=6.922415e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 99, time = 4.786838e-05, dt=6.922415e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 100, time = 4.863948e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 101, time = 4.941058e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 102, time = 5.018169e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 103, time = 5.095279e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 104, time = 5.172389e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 105, time = 5.249499e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 106, time = 5.326610e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 107, time = 5.403720e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 108, time = 5.480830e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 109, time = 5.557940e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 110, time = 5.635051e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 111, time = 5.712161e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 112, time = 5.789271e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 113, time = 5.866382e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 114, time = 5.943492e-05, dt=7.711028e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 115, time = 6.028894e-05, dt=8.540207e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 116, time = 6.114296e-05, dt=8.540207e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 117, time = 6.199698e-05, dt=8.540207e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 118, time = 6.283597e-05, dt=8.389848e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 119, time = 6.365511e-05, dt=8.191439e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 120, time = 6.445667e-05, dt=8.015575e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 121, time = 6.524285e-05, dt=7.861849e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 122, time = 6.601574e-05, dt=7.728930e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 123, time = 6.677729e-05, dt=7.615466e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 124, time = 6.752935e-05, dt=7.520575e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 125, time = 6.827375e-05, dt=7.443985e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 126, time = 6.901300e-05, dt=7.392561e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 127, time = 6.974980e-05, dt=7.367947e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 128, time = 7.048659e-05, dt=7.367947e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 129, time = 7.122339e-05, dt=7.367947e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 130, time = 7.196018e-05, dt=7.367947e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 131, time = 7.269698e-05, dt=7.367947e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 132, time = 7.343377e-05, dt=7.367947e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 133, time = 7.417057e-05, dt=7.367947e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 134, time = 7.490736e-05, dt=7.367947e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 135, time = 7.574084e-05, dt=8.334809e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 136, time = 7.657432e-05, dt=8.334809e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 137, time = 7.740780e-05, dt=8.334809e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 138, time = 7.824128e-05, dt=8.334809e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 139, time = 7.916124e-05, dt=9.199594e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 140, time = 8.008120e-05, dt=9.199594e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 141, time = 8.100116e-05, dt=9.199594e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 142, time = 8.192112e-05, dt=9.199594e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 143, time = 8.284108e-05, dt=9.199594e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 144, time = 8.376104e-05, dt=9.199594e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 145, time = 8.468100e-05, dt=9.199594e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 146, time = 8.560096e-05, dt=9.199594e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 147, time = 8.652092e-05, dt=9.199594e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 148, time = 8.753968e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 149, time = 8.855844e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 150, time = 8.957720e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 151, time = 9.059596e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 152, time = 9.161473e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 153, time = 9.263349e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 154, time = 9.365225e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 155, time = 9.467101e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 156, time = 9.568977e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 157, time = 9.670853e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 158, time = 9.772729e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 159, time = 9.874605e-05, dt=1.018761e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 160, time = 9.975122e-05, dt=1.005166e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 161, time = 1.007353e-04, dt=9.840854e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 162, time = 1.017012e-04, dt=9.658762e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 163, time = 1.026517e-04, dt=9.505363e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 164, time = 1.035896e-04, dt=9.379265e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 165, time = 1.045176e-04, dt=9.279804e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 166, time = 1.054383e-04, dt=9.206933e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 167, time = 1.063547e-04, dt=9.164119e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 168, time = 1.072700e-04, dt=9.152310e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 169, time = 1.081852e-04, dt=9.152310e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 170, time = 1.091004e-04, dt=9.152310e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 171, time = 1.100157e-04, dt=9.152310e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 172, time = 1.109309e-04, dt=9.152310e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 173, time = 1.118461e-04, dt=9.152310e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 174, time = 1.127613e-04, dt=9.152310e-07
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 175, time = 1.137746e-04, dt=1.013212e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 176, time = 1.147878e-04, dt=1.013212e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 177, time = 1.158010e-04, dt=1.013212e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 178, time = 1.168142e-04, dt=1.013212e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 179, time = 1.178274e-04, dt=1.013212e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 180, time = 1.189595e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 181, time = 1.200916e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 182, time = 1.212237e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 183, time = 1.223558e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 184, time = 1.234879e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 185, time = 1.246200e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 186, time = 1.257521e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 187, time = 1.268842e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 188, time = 1.280163e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 189, time = 1.291484e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 190, time = 1.302805e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 191, time = 1.314126e-04, dt=1.132101e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 192, time = 1.326677e-04, dt=1.255082e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 193, time = 1.339228e-04, dt=1.255082e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 194, time = 1.351779e-04, dt=1.255082e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 195, time = 1.364329e-04, dt=1.255082e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 196, time = 1.376880e-04, dt=1.255082e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 197, time = 1.389431e-04, dt=1.255082e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 198, time = 1.401982e-04, dt=1.255082e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 199, time = 1.414324e-04, dt=1.234228e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 200, time = 1.426364e-04, dt=1.204008e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 201, time = 1.438130e-04, dt=1.176615e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 202, time = 1.449651e-04, dt=1.152079e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 203, time = 1.460959e-04, dt=1.130731e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 204, time = 1.472090e-04, dt=1.113116e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 205, time = 1.483080e-04, dt=1.099062e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 206, time = 1.493965e-04, dt=1.088474e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 207, time = 1.504779e-04, dt=1.081355e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 208, time = 1.515557e-04, dt=1.077811e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 209, time = 1.526335e-04, dt=1.077811e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 210, time = 1.537113e-04, dt=1.077811e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 211, time = 1.547891e-04, dt=1.077811e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 212, time = 1.558669e-04, dt=1.077811e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 213, time = 1.569447e-04, dt=1.077811e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 214, time = 1.580225e-04, dt=1.077811e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 215, time = 1.591003e-04, dt=1.077811e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 216, time = 1.603069e-04, dt=1.206554e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 217, time = 1.615135e-04, dt=1.206554e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 218, time = 1.627200e-04, dt=1.206554e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 219, time = 1.639266e-04, dt=1.206554e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 220, time = 1.651331e-04, dt=1.206554e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 221, time = 1.664865e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 222, time = 1.678398e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 223, time = 1.691932e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 224, time = 1.705466e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 225, time = 1.718999e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 226, time = 1.732533e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 227, time = 1.746066e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 228, time = 1.759600e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 229, time = 1.773134e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 230, time = 1.786667e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 231, time = 1.800201e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 232, time = 1.813734e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 233, time = 1.827268e-04, dt=1.353359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 234, time = 1.842204e-04, dt=1.493583e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 235, time = 1.857126e-04, dt=1.492261e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 236, time = 1.872048e-04, dt=1.492186e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 237, time = 1.886970e-04, dt=1.492186e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 238, time = 1.901892e-04, dt=1.492186e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 239, time = 1.916814e-04, dt=1.492186e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 240, time = 1.931736e-04, dt=1.492186e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 241, time = 1.946658e-04, dt=1.492186e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 242, time = 1.961579e-04, dt=1.492186e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 243, time = 1.976501e-04, dt=1.492186e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 244, time = 1.991423e-04, dt=1.492186e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 245, time = 2.006174e-04, dt=1.475109e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 246, time = 2.020630e-04, dt=1.445572e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 247, time = 2.034825e-04, dt=1.419475e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 248, time = 2.048794e-04, dt=1.396947e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 249, time = 2.062573e-04, dt=1.377879e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 250, time = 2.076195e-04, dt=1.362209e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 251, time = 2.089706e-04, dt=1.351133e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 252, time = 2.103155e-04, dt=1.344868e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 253, time = 2.116591e-04, dt=1.343581e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 254, time = 2.130027e-04, dt=1.343581e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 255, time = 2.143462e-04, dt=1.343581e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 256, time = 2.156898e-04, dt=1.343581e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 257, time = 2.170334e-04, dt=1.343581e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 258, time = 2.183770e-04, dt=1.343581e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 259, time = 2.197206e-04, dt=1.343581e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 260, time = 2.212220e-04, dt=1.501473e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 261, time = 2.227235e-04, dt=1.501473e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 262, time = 2.242250e-04, dt=1.501473e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 263, time = 2.257265e-04, dt=1.501473e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 264, time = 2.272279e-04, dt=1.501473e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 265, time = 2.287294e-04, dt=1.501473e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 266, time = 2.303812e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 267, time = 2.320330e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 268, time = 2.336848e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 269, time = 2.353365e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 270, time = 2.369883e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 271, time = 2.386401e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 272, time = 2.402919e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 273, time = 2.419437e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 274, time = 2.435955e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 275, time = 2.452473e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 276, time = 2.468991e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 277, time = 2.485508e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 278, time = 2.502026e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 279, time = 2.518544e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 280, time = 2.535062e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 281, time = 2.551580e-04, dt=1.651786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 282, time = 2.569838e-04, dt=1.825784e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 283, time = 2.587994e-04, dt=1.815674e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 284, time = 2.606091e-04, dt=1.809625e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 285, time = 2.624187e-04, dt=1.809625e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 286, time = 2.642283e-04, dt=1.809625e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 287, time = 2.660379e-04, dt=1.809625e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 288, time = 2.678175e-04, dt=1.779517e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 289, time = 2.695598e-04, dt=1.742306e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 290, time = 2.712689e-04, dt=1.709085e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 291, time = 2.729487e-04, dt=1.679838e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 292, time = 2.746031e-04, dt=1.654376e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 293, time = 2.762359e-04, dt=1.632868e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 294, time = 2.778520e-04, dt=1.616086e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 295, time = 2.794560e-04, dt=1.604015e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 296, time = 2.810537e-04, dt=1.597638e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 297, time = 2.826509e-04, dt=1.597234e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 298, time = 2.842481e-04, dt=1.597234e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 299, time = 2.858454e-04, dt=1.597234e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 300, time = 2.874426e-04, dt=1.597234e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 301, time = 2.890398e-04, dt=1.597234e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 302, time = 2.906371e-04, dt=1.597234e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 303, time = 2.922343e-04, dt=1.597234e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 304, time = 2.940190e-04, dt=1.784700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 305, time = 2.958037e-04, dt=1.784700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 306, time = 2.975884e-04, dt=1.784700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 307, time = 2.993731e-04, dt=1.784700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 308, time = 3.011578e-04, dt=1.784700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 309, time = 3.029425e-04, dt=1.784700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 310, time = 3.049341e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 311, time = 3.069257e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 312, time = 3.089173e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 313, time = 3.109089e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 314, time = 3.129006e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 315, time = 3.148922e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 316, time = 3.168838e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 317, time = 3.188754e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 318, time = 3.208670e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 319, time = 3.228586e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 320, time = 3.248502e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 321, time = 3.268418e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 322, time = 3.288334e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 323, time = 3.308250e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 324, time = 3.328166e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 325, time = 3.348082e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 326, time = 3.367998e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 327, time = 3.387915e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 328, time = 3.407831e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 329, time = 3.427747e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 330, time = 3.447663e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 331, time = 3.467579e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 332, time = 3.487495e-04, dt=1.991608e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 333, time = 3.507336e-04, dt=1.984104e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 334, time = 3.526819e-04, dt=1.948352e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 335, time = 3.545982e-04, dt=1.916277e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 336, time = 3.564865e-04, dt=1.888300e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 337, time = 3.583509e-04, dt=1.864327e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 338, time = 3.601952e-04, dt=1.844306e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 339, time = 3.620239e-04, dt=1.828700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 340, time = 3.638431e-04, dt=1.819197e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 341, time = 3.656590e-04, dt=1.815974e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 342, time = 3.674750e-04, dt=1.815974e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 343, time = 3.692910e-04, dt=1.815974e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 344, time = 3.711070e-04, dt=1.815974e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 345, time = 3.729229e-04, dt=1.815974e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 346, time = 3.747389e-04, dt=1.815974e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 347, time = 3.765549e-04, dt=1.815974e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 348, time = 3.785802e-04, dt=2.025347e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 349, time = 3.806056e-04, dt=2.025347e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 350, time = 3.826309e-04, dt=2.025347e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 351, time = 3.846563e-04, dt=2.025347e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 352, time = 3.866816e-04, dt=2.025347e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 353, time = 3.887070e-04, dt=2.025347e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 354, time = 3.909484e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 355, time = 3.931898e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 356, time = 3.954312e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 357, time = 3.976727e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 358, time = 3.999141e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 359, time = 4.021555e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 360, time = 4.043970e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 361, time = 4.066384e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 362, time = 4.088798e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 363, time = 4.111212e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 364, time = 4.133627e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 365, time = 4.156041e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 366, time = 4.178455e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 367, time = 4.200870e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 368, time = 4.223284e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 369, time = 4.245698e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 370, time = 4.268113e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 371, time = 4.290527e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 372, time = 4.312941e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 373, time = 4.335355e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 374, time = 4.357770e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 375, time = 4.380184e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 376, time = 4.402598e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 377, time = 4.425013e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 378, time = 4.447427e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 379, time = 4.469841e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 380, time = 4.492255e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 381, time = 4.514670e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 382, time = 4.537084e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 383, time = 4.559498e-04, dt=2.241429e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 384, time = 4.581667e-04, dt=2.216884e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 385, time = 4.603575e-04, dt=2.190804e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 386, time = 4.625270e-04, dt=2.169463e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 387, time = 4.646806e-04, dt=2.153592e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 388, time = 4.668250e-04, dt=2.144446e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 389, time = 4.689683e-04, dt=2.143327e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 390, time = 4.711117e-04, dt=2.143327e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 391, time = 4.732550e-04, dt=2.143327e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 392, time = 4.753983e-04, dt=2.143327e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 393, time = 4.775417e-04, dt=2.143327e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 394, time = 4.796850e-04, dt=2.143327e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 395, time = 4.818283e-04, dt=2.143327e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 396, time = 4.842049e-04, dt=2.376557e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 397, time = 4.865814e-04, dt=2.376557e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 398, time = 4.889580e-04, dt=2.376557e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 399, time = 4.913345e-04, dt=2.376557e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 400, time = 4.937111e-04, dt=2.376557e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 401, time = 4.963292e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 402, time = 4.989473e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 403, time = 5.015653e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 404, time = 5.041834e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 405, time = 5.068015e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 406, time = 5.094196e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 407, time = 5.120376e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 408, time = 5.146557e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 409, time = 5.172738e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 410, time = 5.198919e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 411, time = 5.225100e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 412, time = 5.251280e-04, dt=2.618080e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 413, time = 5.277398e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 414, time = 5.303515e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 415, time = 5.329632e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 416, time = 5.355750e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 417, time = 5.381867e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 418, time = 5.407984e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 419, time = 5.434102e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 420, time = 5.460219e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 421, time = 5.486336e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 422, time = 5.512453e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 423, time = 5.538571e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 424, time = 5.564688e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 425, time = 5.590805e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 426, time = 5.616923e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 427, time = 5.643040e-04, dt=2.611730e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 428, time = 5.668731e-04, dt=2.569146e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 429, time = 5.694024e-04, dt=2.529286e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 430, time = 5.718972e-04, dt=2.494758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 431, time = 5.743627e-04, dt=2.465484e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 432, time = 5.768041e-04, dt=2.441411e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 433, time = 5.792279e-04, dt=2.423773e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 434, time = 5.816419e-04, dt=2.414018e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 435, time = 5.840552e-04, dt=2.413330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 436, time = 5.864685e-04, dt=2.413330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 437, time = 5.888819e-04, dt=2.413330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 438, time = 5.912952e-04, dt=2.413330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 439, time = 5.937085e-04, dt=2.413330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 440, time = 5.961219e-04, dt=2.413330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 441, time = 5.985352e-04, dt=2.413330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 442, time = 6.011993e-04, dt=2.664144e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 443, time = 6.038635e-04, dt=2.664144e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 444, time = 6.065276e-04, dt=2.664144e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 445, time = 6.091918e-04, dt=2.664144e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 446, time = 6.118559e-04, dt=2.664144e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 447, time = 6.145201e-04, dt=2.664144e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 448, time = 6.171842e-04, dt=2.664144e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 449, time = 6.198483e-04, dt=2.664144e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 450, time = 6.227959e-04, dt=2.947538e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 451, time = 6.257434e-04, dt=2.947538e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 452, time = 6.286910e-04, dt=2.947538e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 453, time = 6.316385e-04, dt=2.947538e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 454, time = 6.345759e-04, dt=2.937382e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 455, time = 6.374801e-04, dt=2.904218e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 456, time = 6.403606e-04, dt=2.880506e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 457, time = 6.432285e-04, dt=2.867898e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 458, time = 6.460933e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 459, time = 6.489581e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 460, time = 6.518229e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 461, time = 6.546877e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 462, time = 6.575525e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 463, time = 6.604172e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 464, time = 6.632820e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 465, time = 6.661468e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 466, time = 6.690116e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 467, time = 6.718764e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 468, time = 6.747412e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 469, time = 6.776060e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 470, time = 6.804708e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 471, time = 6.833356e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 472, time = 6.862004e-04, dt=2.864792e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 473, time = 6.890631e-04, dt=2.862782e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 474, time = 6.918784e-04, dt=2.815298e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 475, time = 6.946514e-04, dt=2.772915e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 476, time = 6.973877e-04, dt=2.736354e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 477, time = 7.000932e-04, dt=2.705514e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 478, time = 7.027736e-04, dt=2.680359e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 479, time = 7.054364e-04, dt=2.662847e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 480, time = 7.080911e-04, dt=2.654700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 481, time = 7.107458e-04, dt=2.654700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 482, time = 7.134005e-04, dt=2.654700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 483, time = 7.160552e-04, dt=2.654700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 484, time = 7.187099e-04, dt=2.654700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 485, time = 7.213646e-04, dt=2.654700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 486, time = 7.240193e-04, dt=2.654700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 487, time = 7.266740e-04, dt=2.654700e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 488, time = 7.296128e-04, dt=2.938722e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 489, time = 7.325515e-04, dt=2.938722e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 490, time = 7.354902e-04, dt=2.938722e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 491, time = 7.384289e-04, dt=2.938722e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 492, time = 7.413676e-04, dt=2.938722e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 493, time = 7.443064e-04, dt=2.938722e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 494, time = 7.472451e-04, dt=2.938722e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 495, time = 7.501838e-04, dt=2.938722e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 496, time = 7.534331e-04, dt=3.249325e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 497, time = 7.566825e-04, dt=3.249325e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 498, time = 7.599318e-04, dt=3.249325e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 499, time = 7.631811e-04, dt=3.249325e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 500, time = 7.664304e-04, dt=3.249325e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 501, time = 7.696517e-04, dt=3.221299e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 502, time = 7.728386e-04, dt=3.186913e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 503, time = 7.760015e-04, dt=3.162866e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 504, time = 7.791518e-04, dt=3.150267e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 505, time = 7.823008e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 506, time = 7.854499e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 507, time = 7.885989e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 508, time = 7.917479e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 509, time = 7.948970e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 510, time = 7.980460e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 511, time = 8.011950e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 512, time = 8.043441e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 513, time = 8.074931e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 514, time = 8.106422e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 515, time = 8.137912e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 516, time = 8.169402e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 517, time = 8.200893e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 518, time = 8.232383e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 519, time = 8.263873e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 520, time = 8.295364e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 521, time = 8.326854e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 522, time = 8.358345e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 523, time = 8.389835e-04, dt=3.149038e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 524, time = 8.421140e-04, dt=3.130471e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 525, time = 8.452107e-04, dt=3.096691e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 526, time = 8.482797e-04, dt=3.069084e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 527, time = 8.513312e-04, dt=3.051492e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 528, time = 8.543767e-04, dt=3.045504e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 529, time = 8.574222e-04, dt=3.045504e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 530, time = 8.604678e-04, dt=3.045504e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 531, time = 8.635133e-04, dt=3.045504e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 532, time = 8.665588e-04, dt=3.045504e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 533, time = 8.696043e-04, dt=3.045504e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 534, time = 8.726498e-04, dt=3.045504e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 535, time = 8.756953e-04, dt=3.045504e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 536, time = 8.787408e-04, dt=3.045504e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 537, time = 8.821179e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 538, time = 8.854950e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 539, time = 8.888721e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 540, time = 8.922493e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 541, time = 8.956264e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 542, time = 8.990035e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 543, time = 9.023806e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 544, time = 9.057577e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 545, time = 9.091348e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 546, time = 9.125120e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 547, time = 9.158891e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 548, time = 9.192662e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 549, time = 9.226433e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 550, time = 9.260204e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 551, time = 9.293976e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 552, time = 9.327747e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 553, time = 9.361518e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 554, time = 9.395289e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 555, time = 9.429060e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 556, time = 9.462832e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 557, time = 9.496603e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 558, time = 9.530374e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 559, time = 9.564145e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 560, time = 9.597916e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 561, time = 9.631688e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 562, time = 9.665459e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 563, time = 9.699230e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 564, time = 9.733001e-04, dt=3.377119e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 565, time = 9.770350e-04, dt=3.734865e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 566, time = 9.807698e-04, dt=3.734865e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 567, time = 9.845047e-04, dt=3.734865e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 568, time = 9.882229e-04, dt=3.718225e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 569, time = 9.918764e-04, dt=3.653482e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 570, time = 9.954722e-04, dt=3.595776e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 571, time = 9.990180e-04, dt=3.545766e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 572, time = 1.002521e-03, dt=3.503257e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 573, time = 1.005989e-03, dt=3.468134e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 574, time = 1.009431e-03, dt=3.441398e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 575, time = 1.012858e-03, dt=3.427626e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 576, time = 1.016285e-03, dt=3.426936e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 577, time = 1.019712e-03, dt=3.426936e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 578, time = 1.023139e-03, dt=3.426936e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 579, time = 1.026566e-03, dt=3.426936e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 580, time = 1.029993e-03, dt=3.426936e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 581, time = 1.033420e-03, dt=3.426936e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 582, time = 1.036847e-03, dt=3.426936e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 583, time = 1.040274e-03, dt=3.426936e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 584, time = 1.043701e-03, dt=3.426936e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 585, time = 1.047499e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 586, time = 1.051296e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 587, time = 1.055094e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 588, time = 1.058892e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 589, time = 1.062690e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 590, time = 1.066487e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 591, time = 1.070285e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 592, time = 1.074083e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 593, time = 1.077881e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 594, time = 1.081678e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 595, time = 1.085476e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 596, time = 1.089274e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 597, time = 1.093072e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 598, time = 1.096869e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 599, time = 1.100667e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 600, time = 1.104465e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 601, time = 1.108263e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 602, time = 1.112060e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 603, time = 1.115858e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 604, time = 1.119656e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 605, time = 1.123454e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 606, time = 1.127251e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 607, time = 1.131049e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 608, time = 1.134847e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 609, time = 1.138645e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 610, time = 1.142442e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 611, time = 1.146240e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 612, time = 1.150038e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 613, time = 1.153836e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 614, time = 1.157634e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 615, time = 1.161431e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 616, time = 1.165229e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 617, time = 1.169027e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 618, time = 1.172825e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 619, time = 1.176622e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 620, time = 1.180420e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 621, time = 1.184218e-03, dt=3.797758e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 622, time = 1.188012e-03, dt=3.793896e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 623, time = 1.191800e-03, dt=3.788330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 624, time = 1.195588e-03, dt=3.788330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 625, time = 1.199377e-03, dt=3.788330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 626, time = 1.203165e-03, dt=3.788330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 627, time = 1.206953e-03, dt=3.788330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 628, time = 1.210742e-03, dt=3.788330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 629, time = 1.214530e-03, dt=3.788330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 630, time = 1.218318e-03, dt=3.788330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 631, time = 1.222107e-03, dt=3.788330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 632, time = 1.225895e-03, dt=3.788330e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 633, time = 1.230080e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 634, time = 1.234266e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 635, time = 1.238451e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 636, time = 1.242636e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 637, time = 1.246822e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 638, time = 1.251007e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 639, time = 1.255192e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 640, time = 1.259377e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 641, time = 1.263563e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 642, time = 1.267748e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 643, time = 1.271933e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 644, time = 1.276119e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 645, time = 1.280304e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 646, time = 1.284489e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 647, time = 1.288675e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 648, time = 1.292860e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 649, time = 1.297045e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 650, time = 1.301230e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 651, time = 1.305416e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 652, time = 1.309601e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 653, time = 1.313786e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 654, time = 1.317972e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 655, time = 1.322157e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 656, time = 1.326342e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 657, time = 1.330528e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 658, time = 1.334713e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 659, time = 1.338898e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 660, time = 1.343083e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 661, time = 1.347269e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 662, time = 1.351454e-03, dt=4.185301e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 663, time = 1.356062e-03, dt=4.607808e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 664, time = 1.360670e-03, dt=4.607808e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 665, time = 1.365209e-03, dt=4.539111e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 666, time = 1.369675e-03, dt=4.466361e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 667, time = 1.374078e-03, dt=4.402949e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 668, time = 1.378427e-03, dt=4.348820e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 669, time = 1.382731e-03, dt=4.303803e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 670, time = 1.386999e-03, dt=4.268526e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 671, time = 1.391248e-03, dt=4.248755e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 672, time = 1.395493e-03, dt=4.245448e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 673, time = 1.399739e-03, dt=4.245448e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 674, time = 1.403984e-03, dt=4.245448e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 675, time = 1.408230e-03, dt=4.245448e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 676, time = 1.412475e-03, dt=4.245448e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 677, time = 1.416721e-03, dt=4.245448e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 678, time = 1.420966e-03, dt=4.245448e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 679, time = 1.425212e-03, dt=4.245448e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 680, time = 1.429457e-03, dt=4.245448e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 681, time = 1.433702e-03, dt=4.245448e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 682, time = 1.437948e-03, dt=4.245448e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 683, time = 1.442634e-03, dt=4.685672e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 684, time = 1.447319e-03, dt=4.685672e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 685, time = 1.452005e-03, dt=4.685672e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 686, time = 1.456691e-03, dt=4.685672e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 687, time = 1.461376e-03, dt=4.685672e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 688, time = 1.466062e-03, dt=4.685672e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 689, time = 1.470748e-03, dt=4.685672e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 690, time = 1.475433e-03, dt=4.685672e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 691, time = 1.480119e-03, dt=4.685672e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 692, time = 1.484798e-03, dt=4.678984e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 693, time = 1.489434e-03, dt=4.636002e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 694, time = 1.494044e-03, dt=4.609997e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 695, time = 1.498646e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 696, time = 1.503247e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 697, time = 1.507849e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 698, time = 1.512450e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 699, time = 1.517052e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 700, time = 1.521654e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 701, time = 1.526255e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 702, time = 1.530857e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 703, time = 1.535458e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 704, time = 1.540060e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 705, time = 1.544662e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 706, time = 1.549263e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 707, time = 1.553865e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 708, time = 1.558467e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 709, time = 1.563068e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 710, time = 1.567670e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 711, time = 1.572271e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 712, time = 1.576873e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 713, time = 1.581475e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 714, time = 1.586076e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 715, time = 1.590678e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 716, time = 1.595279e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 717, time = 1.599881e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 718, time = 1.604483e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 719, time = 1.609084e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 720, time = 1.613686e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 721, time = 1.618288e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 722, time = 1.622889e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 723, time = 1.627491e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 724, time = 1.632092e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 725, time = 1.636694e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 726, time = 1.641296e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 727, time = 1.645897e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 728, time = 1.650499e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 729, time = 1.655100e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 730, time = 1.659702e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 731, time = 1.664304e-03, dt=4.601614e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 732, time = 1.669396e-03, dt=5.092729e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 733, time = 1.674489e-03, dt=5.092729e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 734, time = 1.679582e-03, dt=5.092729e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 735, time = 1.684675e-03, dt=5.092729e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 736, time = 1.689767e-03, dt=5.092729e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 737, time = 1.694860e-03, dt=5.092729e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 738, time = 1.699953e-03, dt=5.092729e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 739, time = 1.705045e-03, dt=5.092729e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 740, time = 1.710138e-03, dt=5.092729e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 741, time = 1.715231e-03, dt=5.092729e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 742, time = 1.720274e-03, dt=5.043193e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 743, time = 1.725281e-03, dt=5.007284e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 744, time = 1.730272e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 745, time = 1.735262e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 746, time = 1.740252e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 747, time = 1.745242e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 748, time = 1.750232e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 749, time = 1.755222e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 750, time = 1.760212e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 751, time = 1.765202e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 752, time = 1.770192e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 753, time = 1.775182e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 754, time = 1.780172e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 755, time = 1.785162e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 756, time = 1.790152e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 757, time = 1.795143e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 758, time = 1.800133e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 759, time = 1.805123e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 760, time = 1.810113e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 761, time = 1.815103e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 762, time = 1.820093e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 763, time = 1.825083e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 764, time = 1.830073e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 765, time = 1.835063e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 766, time = 1.840053e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 767, time = 1.845043e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 768, time = 1.850033e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 769, time = 1.855023e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 770, time = 1.860014e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 771, time = 1.865004e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 772, time = 1.869994e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 773, time = 1.874984e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 774, time = 1.879974e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 775, time = 1.884964e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 776, time = 1.889954e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 777, time = 1.894944e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 778, time = 1.899934e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 779, time = 1.904924e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 780, time = 1.909914e-03, dt=4.990078e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 781, time = 1.915454e-03, dt=5.539350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 782, time = 1.920993e-03, dt=5.539350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 783, time = 1.926532e-03, dt=5.539350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 784, time = 1.932072e-03, dt=5.539350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 785, time = 1.937611e-03, dt=5.539350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 786, time = 1.943150e-03, dt=5.539350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 787, time = 1.948690e-03, dt=5.539350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 788, time = 1.954229e-03, dt=5.539350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 789, time = 1.959767e-03, dt=5.537627e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 790, time = 1.965240e-03, dt=5.472778e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 791, time = 1.970660e-03, dt=5.420054e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 792, time = 1.976043e-03, dt=5.383089e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 793, time = 1.981410e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 794, time = 1.986776e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 795, time = 1.992143e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 796, time = 1.997510e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 797, time = 2.002877e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 798, time = 2.008244e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 799, time = 2.013611e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 800, time = 2.018978e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 801, time = 2.024345e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 802, time = 2.029711e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 803, time = 2.035078e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 804, time = 2.040445e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 805, time = 2.045812e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 806, time = 2.051179e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 807, time = 2.056546e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 808, time = 2.061913e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 809, time = 2.067280e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 810, time = 2.072646e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 811, time = 2.078013e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 812, time = 2.083380e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 813, time = 2.088747e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 814, time = 2.094114e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 815, time = 2.099481e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 816, time = 2.104848e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 817, time = 2.110215e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 818, time = 2.115582e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 819, time = 2.120948e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 820, time = 2.126315e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 821, time = 2.131682e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 822, time = 2.137049e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 823, time = 2.142416e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 824, time = 2.147783e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 825, time = 2.153150e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 826, time = 2.158517e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 827, time = 2.163883e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 828, time = 2.169250e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 829, time = 2.174617e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 830, time = 2.179984e-03, dt=5.366878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 831, time = 2.185913e-03, dt=5.929193e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 832, time = 2.191842e-03, dt=5.929193e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 833, time = 2.197772e-03, dt=5.929193e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 834, time = 2.203701e-03, dt=5.929193e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 835, time = 2.209630e-03, dt=5.929193e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 836, time = 2.215559e-03, dt=5.929193e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 837, time = 2.221488e-03, dt=5.929193e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 838, time = 2.227389e-03, dt=5.900932e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 839, time = 2.233225e-03, dt=5.835618e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 840, time = 2.239007e-03, dt=5.781573e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 841, time = 2.244756e-03, dt=5.749149e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 842, time = 2.250495e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 843, time = 2.256233e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 844, time = 2.261972e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 845, time = 2.267711e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 846, time = 2.273450e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 847, time = 2.279189e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 848, time = 2.284928e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 849, time = 2.290667e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 850, time = 2.296406e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 851, time = 2.302145e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 852, time = 2.307884e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 853, time = 2.313622e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 854, time = 2.319361e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 855, time = 2.325100e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 856, time = 2.330839e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 857, time = 2.336578e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 858, time = 2.342317e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 859, time = 2.348056e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 860, time = 2.353795e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 861, time = 2.359534e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 862, time = 2.365273e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 863, time = 2.371012e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 864, time = 2.376750e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 865, time = 2.382489e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 866, time = 2.388228e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 867, time = 2.393967e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 868, time = 2.399706e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 869, time = 2.405445e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 870, time = 2.411184e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 871, time = 2.416923e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 872, time = 2.422662e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 873, time = 2.428401e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 874, time = 2.434139e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 875, time = 2.439878e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 876, time = 2.445617e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 877, time = 2.451356e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 878, time = 2.457095e-03, dt=5.738901e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 879, time = 2.463416e-03, dt=6.320739e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 880, time = 2.469736e-03, dt=6.320739e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 881, time = 2.476057e-03, dt=6.320739e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 882, time = 2.482378e-03, dt=6.320739e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 883, time = 2.488699e-03, dt=6.320739e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 884, time = 2.495019e-03, dt=6.320739e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 885, time = 2.501340e-03, dt=6.320739e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 886, time = 2.507661e-03, dt=6.320739e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 887, time = 2.513982e-03, dt=6.320739e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 888, time = 2.520302e-03, dt=6.320739e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 889, time = 2.526580e-03, dt=6.277877e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 890, time = 2.532801e-03, dt=6.220538e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 891, time = 2.538985e-03, dt=6.183742e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 892, time = 2.545155e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 893, time = 2.551326e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 894, time = 2.557497e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 895, time = 2.563668e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 896, time = 2.569838e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 897, time = 2.576009e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 898, time = 2.582180e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 899, time = 2.588351e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 900, time = 2.594522e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 901, time = 2.600692e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 902, time = 2.606863e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 903, time = 2.613034e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 904, time = 2.619205e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 905, time = 2.625376e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 906, time = 2.631546e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 907, time = 2.637717e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 908, time = 2.643888e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 909, time = 2.650059e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 910, time = 2.656229e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 911, time = 2.662400e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 912, time = 2.668571e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 913, time = 2.674742e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 914, time = 2.680913e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 915, time = 2.687083e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 916, time = 2.693254e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 917, time = 2.699425e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 918, time = 2.705596e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 919, time = 2.711767e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 920, time = 2.717937e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 921, time = 2.724108e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 922, time = 2.730279e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 923, time = 2.736450e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 924, time = 2.742620e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 925, time = 2.748791e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 926, time = 2.754962e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 927, time = 2.761133e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 928, time = 2.767304e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 929, time = 2.773474e-03, dt=6.170786e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 930, time = 2.780269e-03, dt=6.794349e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 931, time = 2.787063e-03, dt=6.794349e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 932, time = 2.793857e-03, dt=6.794349e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 933, time = 2.800652e-03, dt=6.794349e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 934, time = 2.807446e-03, dt=6.794349e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 935, time = 2.814241e-03, dt=6.794349e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 936, time = 2.821035e-03, dt=6.794349e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 937, time = 2.827829e-03, dt=6.794349e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 938, time = 2.834596e-03, dt=6.766878e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 939, time = 2.841294e-03, dt=6.697528e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 940, time = 2.847938e-03, dt=6.644434e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 941, time = 2.854552e-03, dt=6.613747e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 942, time = 2.861161e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 943, time = 2.867771e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 944, time = 2.874380e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 945, time = 2.880989e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 946, time = 2.887599e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 947, time = 2.894208e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 948, time = 2.900817e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 949, time = 2.907427e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 950, time = 2.914036e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 951, time = 2.920645e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 952, time = 2.927255e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 953, time = 2.933864e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 954, time = 2.940473e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 955, time = 2.947083e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 956, time = 2.953692e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 957, time = 2.960301e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 958, time = 2.966911e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 959, time = 2.973520e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 960, time = 2.980129e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 961, time = 2.986739e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 962, time = 2.993348e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 963, time = 2.999958e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 964, time = 3.006567e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 965, time = 3.013176e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 966, time = 3.019786e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 967, time = 3.026395e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 968, time = 3.033004e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 969, time = 3.039614e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 970, time = 3.046223e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 971, time = 3.052832e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 972, time = 3.059442e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 973, time = 3.066051e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 974, time = 3.072660e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 975, time = 3.079270e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 976, time = 3.085879e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 977, time = 3.092488e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 978, time = 3.099098e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 979, time = 3.105707e-03, dt=6.609350e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 980, time = 3.113014e-03, dt=7.307137e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 981, time = 3.120321e-03, dt=7.307137e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 982, time = 3.127629e-03, dt=7.307137e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 983, time = 3.134936e-03, dt=7.307137e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 984, time = 3.142243e-03, dt=7.307137e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 985, time = 3.149550e-03, dt=7.307137e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 986, time = 3.156857e-03, dt=7.307137e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 987, time = 3.164088e-03, dt=7.231121e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 988, time = 3.171242e-03, dt=7.153656e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 989, time = 3.178333e-03, dt=7.090966e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 990, time = 3.185385e-03, dt=7.052066e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 991, time = 3.192426e-03, dt=7.040627e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 992, time = 3.199466e-03, dt=7.040627e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 993, time = 3.206507e-03, dt=7.040627e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 994, time = 3.213547e-03, dt=7.040627e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 995, time = 3.220588e-03, dt=7.040627e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 996, time = 3.227629e-03, dt=7.040627e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 997, time = 3.234669e-03, dt=7.040627e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
cycle = 998, time = 3.241710e-03, dt=7.040627e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
cycle = 999, time = 3.248751e-03, dt=7.040627e-06
code uses allreduce in timeincrement operation 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
hello 
cycle = 1000, time = 3.255791e-03, dt=7.040627e-06
Run completed:  
   Problem size        =  25 
   MPI tasks           =  8 
   Iteration count     =  1000 
   Final Origin Energy = 8.709922e+05 
   Testing Plane 0 of Energy Array on rank 0:
        MaxAbsDiff   = 1.091394e-10
        TotalAbsDiff = 3.483730e-09
        MaxRelDiff   = 2.936441e-12


Elapsed time         =      45.79 (s)
Grind time (us/z/c)  =  2.9306673 (per dom)  (0.36633342 overall)
FOM                  =  2729.7537 (z/s)

